the trust game I'm gonna play is called
office if you like to all come forward
ready to do this the others as they tell
a story
each adopting a different author's style
for their leg of the story Ryan which
author have you gone for I'm going for a
kind of an author of a cosmopolitan
magazine type thing cosmonaut magazine
yes must have an author sandy I'm going
to do ed McBaine the American detective
writer
detective writer yes I've been really
good Tony I'm going to go for a Sunday
color supplement gadget catalog
yes I never miss reading Hamlet never do
read them but I never miss it John
Virginia Woolf you all right raising the
tone immediately so can we have a title
please for a story to be told by those
four authors a shopping trip okay with a
bit more plotting it could be something
else to add in a bit of plot a shopping
trip to buy something interesting Moby
Dick
all right a shop maybe dick yes it's my
grandfather caught Moby Dick I can cure
that now No
a shopping trip to buy Moby Dick where
you go on a Diane was going out the
evening for dinner and she had decided
on a black low-cut strapless silk model
but she didn't have the right peg to go
with it she decided to hop in a cab and
head down to her local store where she
found a wide assortment of pegs black
white silk burlap any sort of pad you
want she found who should walk up at the
salesman Roy Roy was a strapping young
man with a matching tie and silk
combination floral pattern which made
him look like the hunky man that he was
but he wasn't just any ordinary man no
he was in fact detective hackenbush on
secret mission yes a private dick there
he was moping around the store she
looked at him she thought boy that's one
Moby Dick I think I liked
I don't mind about this party let me
sidle up to him
so whatever your reasons for sideling up
the be they be they business or pleasure
you can be sure of having a fab time
with something which is practical and
comfortable as well because the moby
dick harpoon teas made with optional
snooze button comes in three colors buff
slate and midnight blue she had felt
mrs. Dalloway a strange rebuke both from
the mustard cruet and from the dried
flowers she had left from the windowsill
was it perhaps some old attenuated
memory of richard having that as he
might have done from the war maybe Fred
maybe dick
mrs. Galloway mrs. Galloway was given a
survey to list the three things she most
looked for in a man
number one was his good sense of humor
number two a money account and number
three of course a large penis was one of
the largest have ever been seen in the
precinct as a matter of fact the
detective took it home with him at
eastern 40th he turned left at 40th and
East he turned right he walked on
ruthlessly what the hell had happened to
rule six was doing and of course a penis
that not only moves the lawn and changes
the body she had felt she had felt mrs.
Ramsey on the way to the lighthouse that
there was perhaps in mr. Ramsey an ocean
a hint a mere fractured crystalline
moment of thought that could indeed be
more than simply a fish or again it was
it his old Peter the gardener had said
so rough-hewn and simple as he was
chiseled with a bob body of old memory
wasn't the fact that he was indeed a
whale she hopes
well that'll be marked on grounds of
taste and and one and a half points
everybody on that one